## svg-quick-edit

Edits attributes of paths in SVG files.

### Synopsis

svg-quick-edit is a CLI tool that allows you to quickly edit
attributes of paths in SVG files. It is useful for batch processing SVG files
to change attributes like 'fill', 'stroke', etc. The tool takes a path to an SVG
file or directory containing SVG files, and modifies the specified attributes
for all paths in the SVG file(s).

Example usage:
svg-quick-edit -f "class='aac-skin-fill'" -r fill -v "#e3ab72" -s new -p "/path/to/svg/files"

Will replace the 'fill' attribute of all paths with the class 'aac-skin-fill' in
the specified SVG files with the new value '#e3ab72' and saved the modified
images to new files with a suffix of "_new.svg". Images that are not modified
will not have a new file created.

You can also specify multiple find, replace, and value arguments to replace
attributes for multiple different paths in the SVG files. The number of find,
replace, and value arguments must be the same and must be in the same order.
For example:

svg-quick-edit -f "class='aac-skin-fill'" -r fill -v "#e3ab72" -s "skin-e3ab72" -f "class='aac-hair-fill'" -r fill -v "#a65e26" -s "hair-a65e26" -p "/path/to/svg/files"

Will replace the 'fill' attribute of all paths with the class
'aac-skin-fill' with the new value '#e3ab72' and the 'fill' attribute of all
paths with the class 'aac-hair-fill' with the new value '#a65e26'. The modified
images will be saved to new files with the suffixes
"_skin-e3ab72_hair-a65e26.svg" if both paths are found in the SVG file or
"_skin-e3ab72.svg" if only the first path is found and "_hair-a65e26.svg" if
only the second path is found.


```
svg-quick-edit [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -e, --exclude string    The regex of files to exclude.
  -f, --find strings      The attribute to find paths with.
  -h, --help              help for svg-quick-edit
  -p, --path string       The path to the SVG file(s).
  -r, --replace strings   The attribute to replace the value for.
  -s, --suffix strings    The suffix to add to the modified SVG file name.
  -v, --value strings     The new value to set the attribute to.
      --verbose           Enable verbose output.
```

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 16-Apr-2025
